replaced invalid link to new link (#2023)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/docs-conceptual/mdop/get-started.md

## MDOP Automation with Windows Powershell

> The table below shows the latest published version of the Help for each module. The Help is available in the TechNet Library through the links below, or as Updateable Help files. Updateable Help was introduced with Windows PowerShell 3.0 and enables you to have the latest Help topics available locally on your computer by using the Update-Help cmdlet. For more information, see [about_Updatable_Help](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_updatable_help).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below shows the latest published version of the Help for each module. The Help is available in docs.microsoft.com through the links below, or as Updateable Help files. Updateable Help was introduced with Windows PowerShell 3.0 and enables you to have the latest Help topics available locally on your computer by using the Update-Help cmdlet. For more information, see [about_Updatable_Help](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_updatable_help?view=powershell-5.1).
```

Or maybe we can use Microsoft Docs instead of docs.microsoft.com.

Reviewer 2: I agree with this change. Once implemented, I approve.
